Welcome to ABoidSim, an interactive simulation of a prey-predator system with flock-based decision making.

--- DESCRIPTION ---

A "boid" is an autonomous entity that models a living creature which tries to survive in an environment full of other species.
Any boid owns life and hunger meters, moves at a certain speed and tries to keep itself alive by eating other boids.

There are three types of boids:
- Tree: Level 0
- Herbivore: Levels 1-5
	A herbivore boid cannot eat other boids besides trees
- Carnivore: Levels 6-10
	A carnivore boid can eat any other lower levels boids besides trees
	
In normal circumstances, a hungry boid stops following its flock and tries to find a prey.
A prey tries to avoid any contact with a hungry predator.

A boid which is not hungry nor escaping tries to form a flock with other boids of the same species.
Different boids allow different flock sizes.
As soon as a boid enters or forms a flock, it begins to make group decisions: his way of moving will be influenced by its flock's other boids.

There are four basic rules that controls this behaviour:
- Alignment
	A boid tries to follow the direction of the flock
- Cohesion
	A boid tries to keep close to the other boids
- Separation
	A boid tries to keep a certain distance from the other boids. It's the opposite of Cohesion
- Evasion
	A boid tries to evade from a predator. It's the same of Separation but focused on a single target.
	
A boid which is not in a flock is "wandering": its movement is random yet believable.

--- FEATURES ---

The rules can be combined in different ways and can be toggled whenever the user wants to allow different simulations.

The user is also able to create or destroy a boid of any level/type as he wishes.

The application also provides some "default environments" to try out.
These simulations were created from scratch and can be loaded at any time.
Beware that loading an environment will wipe out the current simulation.

A pause button has been added to allow a more precise usage of the previously described features.

Finally, information about the current simulation are shown on the right panel.